Challenge Name : Router |port|
Chall Description : There's some unusual traffic on the daytime port, but it isn't related to date or time requests. Analyze the packet capture to retrieve the flag

Given : Capture.pcapng (not in the directory as it is too big for github)

Solution :

Search about daytime port -> got this is port 13 : 

image_1.png

Filter it : 

image_2.png

It's some message at here : 

image_3.png

This is encoded in Vigenère so need decode all message in all packets : 

```

Hey, mate!
Yo, long time no see!
You sure this mode of communication is still safe?
Yeah, unless someone else is capturing network packets on the same network we're using. Anyhow, our text is encrypted, and it would be difficult to interpret.
So let's hope no one else is capturing.
What's so confidential that you're about to share?
It's about cracking the password of a person with the username 'Anonymous.'
Oh wait! Don't you know I'm not so good at password cracking?
Yeah, I know, but it's not about cracking. It's about the analysis of packets. I've completed most of the job, even figured out a way to get the session key to decrypt and decompress the packets.
Holy cow! How in the world did you manage to get this key from his device?
Firstly, I hacked the router of our institute and closely monitored the traffic, waiting for 'Anonymous' to download some software that requires admin privilege to install. Once he started the download, I, with comple
Whoa! It's so surprising to see how much you know about networking or hacking, to be specific.
Yeah, I did a lot of research on that. Now, should we focus on the purpose of this meet?
Yes, of course. So, what should I do for you?
Have you started the packet capture as I told you earlier?
Yes, I did.
Great! I will be sending his SSL key, so find the password of 'Anonymous.'
Yes, I would, but I need some details like where to start.
The only details I have are he uses the same password for every website, and he just went on to register for a CTF event.
Okay, I will search for it.
Wait a second, I won't be sending the SSL key on this Daytime Protocol port; we need to keep this untraceable.
I will be sending it through FTP. Since the file is too large, I will be sending it in two parts. Please remember to merge them before using it. Additionally, some changes may be made to it during transfer due to the 
Okay!

```
-->  with `Anonymous` -> user default in ftp protocol 

image_4.png

Data : 

image_5.png

Export all This , Decode with Vigenere Cipher Again and got the key to decrypt TLS , Add The Key to TLS Protocols to Decrypt -> Now can filter out http protocol and filter contains with 'password' to find the password :

Save all Decode result to a file .txt save it with the name key for easy to remember then add it to TLS protocol : 

image_6.png

Filter http with password contains in it : 

image_7.png

Flag : `VishwaCTF{K3Y5_CAN_0P3N_10CK5}`